title: To Remember The Feelings of The Past
date: 2005-04-01T21:01:00Z
category: Life

First things first, I'm at my parents' place now, as today (as in in 3 hours time or so) my family (including close relatives) will be going for Qing Ming (or Tomb Sweeping Day, according to Google search :p). For those who are non-Chinese, basically it's a day where we visit the graveyard and upkeep our ancestors' graves. It's an important day as we should commemorate the deceased loved ones.

The thought and journey of being at home is extremely pleasant, and today is really special as everyone in my family has came back (as in my younger brother and sister). It's been quite a while since we manage to have our whole family together :). It's just like the good old days. It's really pleasing to see that no matter what we have become, everyone in the family is essentially the same.

Just rewinding back, I came back home together with aunt Ling and uncle Vincent. And so it goes that yesterday, they came over to fetch me after a hectic day of compiling my virtual reality assignment, and I spent a night at their new house. They have moved in for quite some time and I was constantly invited to go over but I just can't seem to find time for it during the past few months. And I was really amazed by their new house as it really resembles what I'm looking for a dream home (well… technically it should be termed "house", but a "home" is much more special :) ). Staying with them is always very comfortable as I really feel at home there. I really liked how they furnished their house, with all the brand new, wooden furniture, and having one side of the wall in every room painted in either lush green or sunny yellow. The simplicity and boldness (in terms of colour) in their interior design, you can tell how impressed I was :) (too bad I forgot to bring my camera with me). And not to mention their guest room has a comfy bed together with soft pillows and bolsters = huggable material <3.

Then we came to aunt Linda's, who is aunt Ling's best friend, house on our way home. As much as I enjoyed being around with aunt Linda, I get to know one of her two sons, Terrance, today. In a way we knew each other years before, but that we didn't talked before that. Just happened that today he ask me to fix his computer, and while I'm at it, the conversation picked up and then the next thing we knew is that it just clicks :). I really enjoyed his company, and it's really fun when we are talking about Initial D while we watched Initial D Third Stage The Movie (Eurobeat goodness <333).

I'm feeling much better right now, and thoughts just seems to wander about during these few days. Read Fruitbasket 15 and 16 today and I laughed and cried when I flip through the pages. Somehow I really can relate to Yuki as I'm reading through the episodes about Yuki's past. And reading between the lines of the dialogue carries a really deep and inspiring meaning behind them. (I'm not going to say more as I really don't feel like spoiling it, and probably it wouldn't make sense if you haven't read the manga yet :) ). Really gave me some impactful thoughts regarding our own existence in a way.

Looks like it's going to be 5 now and that would probably mean that I only had 1 hour of sleep later. O\_O" Anyway, I guess I just stop here for the time being. Oh, by the way, Guilty Gear X Heavy Rock Tracks came in the mail yesterday <333.
