title: Just Another Heavy Day
date: 2004-05-10T15:07:00Z
category: Life

A few things happened today, not completely happy ones, but somewhat I didn't feel bad or anything. Despite the brief emotional turbulence inside, I just feel a sense of determination and calm.

Earlier this morning, I managed to get Allen on the line. I chatted with him for a while, well… eventually he told me that I shouldn't pour out too much feelings to him, and later confessed that he had someone else. Crushed? Yes. But somehow this time I'm able to shift my gears down as per request, and I just feel much more prepared to accept the facts. It's not all impossible though, he said that it's better to decide until we meet. There's a possibility that the special feeling might fade and slip away from me, but one thing for sure is that he's still one really special friend that I have. For now, I would just like to sit back, and see how things will turn out. :)

Then later at night, my aunt brought me to the fortune teller. When I stepped into the house, I'm fascinated by all those paintings and sculptures of Buddha and three big fish tanks with goldfish, carp and another type of pet fish which I can't recall it's name. (Hmm… anyone knows the name of a red fish that kisses each other?) Then I saw the master and his wife coming out to greet us, they are really friendly, and the master's eye seems to look as if they can read your thoughts. Hmm…

Before he starts the consultation, he did some sort of a ceremony of sorts, and all of a sudden his deep voice has magically turned into a more high-pitched, womanly voice. Surprising as it might sound, it is not for us Chinese since there's a belief that certain psychics are able to summon deities or souls and their character and voice will change accordingly.

When it my turn, my aunt and I slowly seated ourselves, and my aunt started the consultation by mentioning that I was still studying and wondering how I'll turn out. After that, the master just ask a few questions regarding my current situation, with a tone like he definitely knew something. Then every single thing he told me afterwards has completely strucked me: Me being all stressed out, not because of others, but being piled up by myself. I have been always worrying about other people before myself, especially family and friends… worrying that I disappoint them or didn't do well enough to help them. And sometimes I get so sensitive that I confuse myself a lot of times and my self confidence took the worst hit. This will be a year of confusion this year, he said. After that, he gave me a pat on the shoulder, telling me that I'm a good boy and I've doing great all along. As much as I have heard these words from many people, including the people who are close to me, I never heard them being so assuring and comforting before. I can't stop but feeling touched… so touched that I broke down, and I can't believe that these assuring words have to come from a total stranger. Guess the best advice I got from him is that live your own life, do whatever you feel right. Don't care how others might think about you, as long you know that you can doing the right thing and face yourself with confidence.

Now… I'm at home now, feeling tired, yet content with what I had now. I knew there's a lot of doubt and troubles yet to be get rid of, but somewhat I feel a little bit more confident to confront them now.
