title: No Way To Say
date: 2004-01-18T15:19:00Z
category: Life

OMG… I have been overspending again… but then again, my favourite CDs are pretty hard to come by, therefore I get very excited when I managed to find a shop that carries them (even if they only carried ONE of them). Originally I was planning to get my hands on some more the GTC Special 2000 CD, but to my surprise: It has been bought >\_<! You can imagine how frustrated I am when I found out, since I have been hunting down Eurobeat CDs for quite some time. (Living in a country with a low currency exchange rate pretty sucks in some sense)

Thank god the move super tune -best selection- CD is still there (phew!). But while feeling a little bit disappointed, I saw Ayumi's latest album, Memorial Address, which I have been longing for quite some time. So, I'm like "Oh well… at least I have something to settle with…" and I bought the CD+VCD set. (I wanted the DVD set at first, but thinking about it, I don't even have a DVD player!) On my way home, I flip through and read the lyrics of her songs. And when I read the lyrics for the first track "ANGEL'S SONG", I was so touched I sobbed in the bus. Really, I do! It's the same Ayumi as we know it, that's why we love her. (She wrote the lyrics for almost every of her songs) The lyrics are so beautiful…

Reaching home, I poped the CD into my Linux machine (remembered that my notebook CD-ROM is spoilt) and the copy protection does gives me the headaches: because the Linux machine can't read the disc properly >\_<! ARGH! Well… I certainly don't blame avex for that, since they have labelled it really clearly, and I have no problems ripping MP3s with their discs for my hearing pleasure. Although I do manage to listen to the CD (great CD) but I have to bear with some occasional hiccups (which is no fun, but I have no choice for now). Hopefully I'm able to rip it when I get back to my home town (since I didn't find any problems when I ripped the copy-protected ayu-ro mix 3)

Well, Chinese New Year is just around the corner now, and I'm pretty excited to go home now. I didn't feel too comfortable going back though because I made a lot of lies about my previous year loan application (I dare not tell the truth that I didn't send it out…), and I'm really feeling terrible when I think about it… Sometimes it's really hard to tell the truth when you've tell way too much lies… my head started to hurt right now… I guess the cover will be blown off during Chinese New Year because I'm almost sure that my relatives are going to ask my mom about this (or the other way round)… Now even the disaster didn't happen (there's a possibility that that won't happen), I really feel the urge of escaping from this situation… as much I feel responsible for this, I don't know what should I do now… At this point of time, Ayumi's "No way to say" is playing in the background… the first few verses do reflect on what I'm feeling right now… I'm now feeling really insecure… Sometimes, keeping too much bad secrets to yourself does hurt a lot…
