title: The Mini Emotional Roller Coaster Ride (and 2 More CDs)
date: 2004-03-30T14:31:00Z
category: Life

Just this morning after the sleepless ordeal, I went to school in a pretty much reluctantly since I remembered that I have to hand the assignment and as well attend the tutorial classes. But this morning didn't start too well.

While I'm the bus, I try to catch some snoozes on the bus. I sat at on of the front seats which is parallel to the sides of the bus, instead on the ones in the middle which is parallel with the driver seats. And unknown to me, my seat is loose and is detached: so halfway in the journey, the bus came to a sudden halt and I was slided down together with the seat on my knees. Ouch! Talk about a nasty wakeup call… and it's extremely painful! I was almost bursting into tears due to the pain, but instead, I hold my tears back… as much I really wanted to cry. Is it due to the fact that there's a lot of people in the bus and I don't want to lose face? Or is it that I knew that I'm get any symphaties? At times like this I do feel like forget about everything and act like a kid, but I wonder whether is it that the nagging reminder of acting my age keeps on haunting me from being totally truthful to myself?

Reaching school, I tried to act like like there nothing happens and try to put up an "everything is OK" smile, as much as I'm in agony. Sometime I just hate being like that: Is it that don't want others to worry about myself? Or is it that I'm trying to conceal all my pains and keep them to myself? But eventually smiles does bring back more smiles and I feel much more later after some happy times with my friends.

Then, got my wages from my professor in helping him out in his research project, and got myself two CDs: SUPER EUROBEAT presents Euro "dream" land and MAX: MAXIMUM COLLECTION. Yes! Two more J-Euros in my collection! Although the hot pink of MAX's CD booklets did show some fades most probably due to exposure to sunlight. But these CDs are pretty hard to come by and the fade looks cool in another way anyway. I'm still listening to them, dream's seems to be pretty good in my first impression, while those old Eurobeat covers from Max does sounds a little bit… well… odd? XD But I like their cover on Virginelle's Don't You Love Me, and I'm starting love the original and the cover! I think I might want to add that to Dom's list… but… *looks at long shopping list* I wonder how many CDs I can get for 6000 yen (don't forget the shipping!) ;\_;.
